Add steps to verify headless service (#251)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/quickstart/verify_with_discovery.md

#### Verify Deployment

> To verify the deployment follow the steps below which creates a headless or ClusterIp nginx service and
> ServiceExport for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually verify the deployment, follow the steps below using either a headless or ClusterIP `nginx` service deployed in `cluster-b`.
```

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig
```

##### Deploy ClusterIP Service

> To verify a ClusterIP service follow the steps below

Reviewer: I think this should say Deploy but I don't think we need this statement as its redundant with the section title...

Author: Removed it.

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig
kubectl -n default create deployment nginx --image=nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged:stable-alpine
kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080
subctl export service --namespace default nginx
```

##### Deploy Headless Service

> To verify a headless service follow the steps below

Reviewer: ...same here

Author: Removed it.

```bash
kubectl -n default create deployment nginx --image=nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged:stable-alpine
kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip=''
subctl export service --namespace default nginx
```

##### Verify

> Now verify the service deployed from custer-a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `nettest` from `cluster-a` to access the `nginx`: 
```

#### Verify Deployment

To manually verify the deployment, follow the steps below using either a headless or ClusterIP `nginx` service deployed in `cluster-b`.

```bash

> export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig

Reviewer: I suggest including this in the sections below for consistency.  You already have it on L12 so add it before L21 as well.

Author: Done

To verify the deployment follow the steps below which creates an nginx service and
ServiceExport for it.

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig
```

To verify a ClusterIP service follow the steps below

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig
kubectl -n default create deployment nginx --image=nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged:stable-alpine
kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080
subctl export service --namespace default nginx
```

> To verify a headless service follow the steps below instead of the above one

Reviewer 2: Same as above

subctl export service --namespace default nginx
```

> ##### Deploy Headless Service

Reviewer 3: Do we have section that explains about headless service in relation to Submariner ?
I would suggest to refer to: 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#headless-services

Reviewer 4: I don't think that there is anything unique about headless services and Submariner. We can perhaps link to this URL somewhere, but there is nothing specific to Submariner we should document AFAIK (similarly we don't have any documentation of what is a ClusterIP service, there are standard k8s definitions we follow/implement).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that headless Services can only be exported on non-globalnet deployments.
```

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig
kubectl -n default create deployment nginx --image=nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged:stable-alpine

> kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip='None'

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip=None
```

subctl export service --namespace default nginx
```

##### Deploy Headless Service

```bash
kubectl -n default create deployment nginx --image=nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged:stable-alpine

> kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip=''

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip='None'
```

> kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip=''

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
kubectl -n default expose deployment nginx --port=8080 --cluster-ip='None'
```

curl nginx.default.svc.supercluster.local:8080
```

To verify a headless service follow the steps below using a mehdb service

```bash

> export KUBECONFIG=cluster-b/auth/kubeconfig

Reviewer 2: Same comments as above

kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift-evangelists/mehdb/master/app.yaml
subctl export service --namespace default mehdb
```

```bash

> export KUBECONFIG=cluster-a/auth/kubeconfig

Reviewer 2: This seems superfluous, esp when appearing multiple times in same doc. This implies users need to set env variable everytime.

Author: but this helps in copy pasting right? should we make it an argument of the command?

Reviewer 2: If user is expected to run these in a sequence, having it in first command of sequence should be enough.

Author: Done.

kubectl -n default  run --generator=run-pod/v1 tmp-shell --rm -i --tty --image quay.io/submariner/nettest -- /bin/bash
dig mehdb.default.svc.clusterset.local:8080
```

> The dig will return a set of A records containing the IP address of Pods backing the service mehdb in cluster-b.

Reviewer 2: Good to add sample output here as default output can be too verbose and user not sure what to look for. Alternately, use `+short`

Author: added +short

#### Perform automated verification

> This will perform all automated verification between your clusters.

Reviewer 3: Can you elaborate (or link to) more info about quay.io/submariner/nettest  ?
What kind of tests does it run ?

Author: we don't have documentation for it right now to link, I have created an issue for it
